Previously on Will Trent…
You have no sightings
of Adelaide Trevens?
Goodbye. Will Trent.
If you know where Antonio Morales is.
you need to tell me.
We'll be in touch.
Oh. You think I'm holding
out on you. huh?
Caroline. is there any new intel
on Adelaide Trevens
that we have not forwarded
to Special Agent Trent?
No. ma'am. You gave me
clear instructions to share everything.
I look at you and the career you've had
and what it's cost.
I don't know if I can do this job anymore.
If you tell anyone
about this call.
I'll remove your uncle's organs
with a rusty spoon and a smile.
So be a good boy. Special Agent Trent.
I'll be waiting.
If you had to choose. would you
rather live on a star or in space?
What? Like. alone?
No. you can have friends.
I hate being hot. Space.
Me too.
Is your edible hitting?
- Uh. I can't tell.
- Hmm.
Hide the gummies.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Whoa! Oh!
Who the hell is that?
The gummy is definitely hitting.
It's just that I'm trying to anticipate
her next move.
and I'm having trouble
getting inside her head.
Yes. but I can't analyze
somebody I've never met.
I'm your therapist.
Come on. Dr. Roach.
Look. I trust your opinion. Please.
Flattery? Really?
All right.
- You're overthinking it.
- What do you mean?
Will. from what you've told me.
Adelaide's pathology
is dominated by two factors:
genetic predisposition
to antisocial behavior
and overwhelming childhood trauma.
Okay. what about her family history?
The rejection of her father. her need
to control people the way he did?
So you want to use those details
to construct a train of logic
that you can hop on board
and... choo choo! ride all the way
to finding your uncle Antonio.
Great. We're back to analyzing me again.
Well. that's because you have a brain
that can be analyzed.
Your behavior contains logic.
That's not all.
You feel desire. empathy. guilt.
Will Trent. you are a deep.
deep well of humanity.
- You're saying Adelaide is different?
- Very different.
A psychology as damaged as hers.
it's unpredictable. chaotic.
You're an amazing detective.
but even you will not be able
to piece together exactly
what she wants from you.
because I don't think she knows either.
I mean. think about
when you first met her.
She was pretending to be law enforcement.
You're a special agent.
She was trying on the experience
of being you.
Then came the flirting.
I don't know if you want to dig into that.
No. I do not.
Then she forced you to relive
the circumstances of your mother's death.
I'm very sorry that she did that.
by the way.
Yeah. Me too.
Then she tried to kill you.
A few times. you said.
No. just twice.
So you're saying she's crazy. right?
Will. you know.
I don't really like to use that word.
So at any point. she might be trying
to be me. screw me. trick me or kill me.
I mean. that's pretty crazy.
And you won't know which.
Oh. what about this?
"Real estate operations and financing"?
No. no. no. no. no. You're not going
to be a real estate agent.
Why not? I watch enough HGTV.
Because real estate agents need
to be chipper.
and you dole out smiles
like they cost you money.
Yeah. well. maybe I would smile more if
I wasn't confronted with death every day.
I joined the APD because my mom was a cop.
and then I was pushed into GBI
because of my aunt Mandy.
I just feel like sometimes
my life happened
without me making
any decisions along the way.
I want to take control of my future.
You know how many people depend
on the GBI? Your job's important.
Yeah. a lot of jobs are important.
People need houses.
Interesting. fun.
and every day is different.
I could get killed on the job at any time.
I want to grow old enough
to see my kid win a Grammy one day.
You know what? Fine.
Leave the GBI. follow your bliss.
and go to bed every night
and try not to think about all the people
who won't get justice
- because you're not on the job.
- What do you care. as long as I pay rent?
Oh.
Mmm. I gotta get this. Sorry.
What's up. Austin?
Is everyone okay?
Yeah. yeah. I'll be right there.
Old army buddy.
His teenager just got carjacked.
I told him I would help him. but…
Max has your car for the night.
- Right.
- And you need to borrow mine.
- For justice and honor…
- Mm-hmm.
…and the order of society.
And I'll get you a burrito
from Jimmy's Bean Shack on the way back.
Okay.
- You said you got carjacked.
- We did.
Austin. truck's right there.
Yeah. but she locked herself inside.
and these two dumbasses
left the keys in the ignition.
That's car-squatting.
- What happened?
- She didn't say anything.
She just jumped in the truck
and locked the doors.
- And you don't know her?
- I think she's a junkie. She is not right.
She hasn't said a word this entire time.
Hold on. She doesn't look high to me.
Let me try.
Hi.
Are you hungry? I have granola bars.
Do you like berry or peanut butter?
My name is Faith. I'm here to help you.
Can you tell me what you need?
Okay. Can you tell me your name?
You're not in any trouble.
I just want to make sure that you're okay.
Are you still hungry?
How about you open the door.
and I can give you the other bar?
You don't have any shoes on.
How'd you get here?
Aliens.
- What was that?
- The aliens took me.
Well?
A woman matching
Adelaide Trevens's physical profile
was spotted crossing the Anzalduas
Port of Entry into Texas.
Does the FBI know where she is now?
- We're working on it.
- Was she alone?
Is there any reason to believe
that Antonio Morales is with her?
We don't know that yet.
Has your Agent Trent heard from her?
No. I would have told you if he had.
Are you sure he would tell you?
I'd be a lot more confident in your answer
if he would simply let us monitor
that phone.
He doesn't trust the FBI.
He knows you're more interested
in apprehending Adelaide
than finding his uncle.
She killed one of ours.
Oh. is that the reason
for these spy games?
You know. I had to pull in
a decade-old IOU to get you to talk to me.
and even then it's like this.
I feel like I'm buying drugs.
Do you guys have any actionable leads?
We made progress on one thing.
We compiled a list of persons of interest
for the young man
who gave Agent Trent the phone.
- The Commander?
- Yeah.
It's a long list. but we're working on
whittling it down.
In the meantime…
I know.
This stays between us.
- Hey.
Still no ID. If she's from the area.
no one's looking for her.
I asked Angie
to expand the search nationwide.
Was she sexually assaulted?
Don't know.
She won't let doctors examine her.
- Hi. How is she?
- Hi.
She says she can't remember her name
or anything that happened to her.
She says that the aliens wiped her memory.
You think she's lying to protect someone?
She looks shook up to me. Maybe PTSD?
It could be.
What is she doing? Drawing?
Oh. I left her a notepad.
You know. sometimes when a patient
won't talk. they'll write or draw instead.
- It's actually a really good sign.
- Mmm.
- If you'll excuse me. I'll be back.
- Thank you.
You know you don't have
to assist on this. right?
Yeah. it's okay.
Will's out with a bug that's been going
around. and I'm between cases.
No. I mean. seeing as you have
one foot out the door.
Remember that time you told me
you hadn't pooped in six days?
How is that relevant?
Did I bring it up every five minutes
while you were trying to work?
No. You told me to eat more fiber.
That's right.
There's a lesson in there. You'll find it.
- I told you that in confidence.
- Mmm.
Hi. I brought you some pants.
Hospital gowns are the worst.
Do you want to hear a story
about my dog when I was a kid?
Okay. so my mom brought him home
from work one day.
He had three legs and one eye.
His name was Gremlin.
He had a lot of mortal enemies.
including the vacuum cleaner.
the mailman. any set of stairs and rain.
but he loved me.
He would sleep right here.
Every night.
He kept me warm and safe.
You want to see what he looked like?
Do you like to draw?
Hmm?
Can I see?
Thank you.
That's the one that watched me.
It's a sign.
A sign?
That we should call Mulder and Scully?
No. dummy. it's a literal sign.
Shelly's Alien Emporium
off the freeway in Grove Park. Come on.
Oh. you're right.
That's the alien.
Maybe this is where she was taken from.
This place looks incredible.
Look at all the satellite dishes
on the roof.
What does Shelly know that we don't?
Hopefully something about our Jane Doe.
- Oh. This place is...
- A lot.
I was gonna say "amazing."
Welcome to Shelly's Alien Emporium.
Georgia's oldest
and most comprehensive library
of extraterrestrial documentation.
I'm Shelly.
Hi. Shelly.
We. uh. have a few questions for you.
Well. it's about time.
February 8. 1972. I was taken
from a Montgomery Ward parking lot.
They kept me for nine days.
ran their tests.
and put me back down behind
the Clermont Lounge
in completely different clothes.
It's all here in my book. Alienated.
We're actually here
to talk about a missing girl.
Yeah. she said she was abducted too.
Greens or grays? Any missing time?
Where'd they take her from?
Maybe around here.
She actually drew a picture of your sign.
Here? No. No way.
I-I would have picked it up.
- With your satellite dishes?
- Uh-huh. That's right.
I'll be the first to know when another
ship hits the greater southeast airspace.
Do you have any video cameras
up there. Shelly?
No. no. no. By the time they're close
enough for video. well. you'll know it.
You'll taste them first.
Licorice.
Mm-hmm. That's how you know they're close.
You won't hear the ship. It's silent.
But you'll feel a humming
in your squishy bits.
Okay.
Our Jane Doe didn't mention that.
Have you ever seen this girl before?
Oh. her? Yeah. I've seen her.
Down the street. coming out
of that hotel diner with her grandma.
Her grandma?
Yeah. or seemed like her grandma.
Sometimes aliens shape-shift.
so you never can be sure.
Maybe a week ago.
I remember.
'cause she was staring at me all
haunted-like.
This is her room.
The vines are the curtains.
Okay. Hey. we're gonna need the
registration information for this room.
Yeah. I'll get it for you.
Okay. luggage is gone.
Room has been cleaned.
Looks like they checked out.
but where's Grandma?
Hey. Polaski. can you send a crime scene
unit to the Sleep Away Inn in Grove Park?
Yeah. thanks.
Hey. Faith. Look at this.
No shower curtain.
We found Grandma.
Adelaide.
Oh. I do love how you say my name.
There's always a little something
in the way you say it.
- Contempt?
- You can only hate the things you love.
Guess what I'm holding right now.
Oh. my God. Don't worry.
What did you think?
It was Antonio's head?
It's a matchbox.
From Rio's. Remember?
Yeah. The bar in Puerto Rico.
I carry it with me.
I like to touch it.
I saw you watching me dance
that night. Will.
Wishing you could take me.
move me however you chose.
- Tell me I'm wrong.
- No.
You're not wrong.
I wanna see you.
Tomorrow?
I'd like that very much.
How do you feel about small plates?
I don't usually like to share.
but I would with you.
Well. I don't want
to share you with anyone.
What about my uncle? I need proof of life.
We'll discuss over dinner.
Le Bon Nosh. 8:00 p.m.
Come alone. and for God's sake.
don't tell anyone.
That'll just piss me off.
Of course. It'll be good to see you.
And. uh…
Adelaide…
Yes?
Don't shower.
I liked how you smelled in the jungle.
Goodbye. Will.
So our grandma is Denise Hensley.
55 years old.
Oh. record goes back decades.
mostly solicitation and pandering.
I'm sorry. When did you take my office?
I am on desk duty.
and you are in the field.
So it only makes sense.
I requisitioned it.
Hey. guys.
I got Pete's autopsy report.
Cause of death was blunt-force trauma.
One of the blows
severed her vertebral artery.
It could have been intentional.
So the two of them
were together.
bad guys came in. beat up Denise Hensley.
and the girl escaped.
Not quite. Time of death
was approximately 16 hours ago.
She was killed after our Jane Doe escaped?
- Or maybe because she escaped?
- Yes.
And she's not the girl's grandma
or mother or aunt.
Not by blood. anyway.
No shared DNA.
Can I get a peanut M&M?
Yeah. give us two minutes. shortstop.
I'll put it on your tab.
Thanks. Polaski.
What was that? They knock for you?
Guys. there is one more piece to this
that I think you should know.
Doctors came back
with Jane Doe's medical records.
They found signs of sexual assault.
Denise Hensley was her manager.
Kept her captive. sent money up the chain.
She was being sex trafficked.
Damn it.
Girl managed to get away.
Bosses beat and killed Denise.
I liked it better when it was aliens.
"The room appeared excessively cleaned.
They found no visible fingerprints.
no biological material.
no trace evidence. no random fibers."
That's. uh…
…That's pretty clean for a two-star hotel.
I mean. what do you expect? Roaches?
One negative Yelp review.
corporate will come for my head.
Yeah? What did corporate have to say
about the security cameras
being conveniently nonfunctional?
Yeah. that's been an issue.
We've had a ticket open on that forever.
A ticket!
Tucker. a girl was sex trafficked
in your hotel right under your nose.
and you're telling me
you didn't even notice?
Because it looks to me like you are
a party to human trafficking.
- Wait.
- You're in this.
It's time you start telling us
what you know.
Oh. God. I didn't really think
that they were...
Of course you did!
Did you see the men coming and going?
Did you see the bruises on her body?
What kept you quiet?
Did they pay you off?
Or did you just not want
to make any waves?
It was an envelope of money every week.
- Who rented that room?
- I don't know his name.
Was he the one
who beat Denise Hensley to death?
Oh. I don't know anything about that.
It is against policy to rent a room
to somebody without an ID.
Corporate wanted us to fill
as many rooms as possible. all right?
They-They-They would give us bonuses.
They didn't care about the girls.
Wait. what? Girls?
There were others?
We searched that place
high and low. Tucker.
Where are they?
I don't know.
I don't know. okay?
I really don't know.
I'm sorry. I-I-I don't know.
Well. you can think about it
while you're being processed.
because you are under arrest.
Stand up.
You can go home if you want.
It's getting late.
I'm sure Seth wants to see you.
He will see plenty of me
when this baby comes.
I want to help.
- This one's getting in my bones. Angie.
- I get it.
Trafficking cases will keep you
up at night.
These girls being sold like meat.
Used and discarded like trash.
Some of them are just little kids.
I don't know how they survive it.
A lot of them don't.
Some of us do.
Wait. I… I think. Angie…
I think this is… Is this her? Is this her?
This is her. right?
- Yes. Yes.
- It is. It is. You found her.
Grace Elverton. Her parents reported her
missing last year.
She went to an art festival
and never came home.
Till now.
All right. the background is
Caribbean blue.
Right. the logo should fill the space.
And along the backside. that's
where we have the bar's address.
It's small. yellow. and along the bottom.
It should match the website's font.
You know what?
Let's. uh. crush up the box a little bit.
you know. blunt the edges.
make it look a little torn.
and the tracker... this is important...
has to be impossible to notice.
Okay? No added weight. no bulging...
- Yeah.
- Hey. you paying attention?
Yeah. yeah. Yeah. Is your. uh…
Is your dog… …a biter?
- Well. she only bites people who lie.
- No kidding.
Can you deliver this tomorrow
by 4:00 p.m. or not?
- Yeah. man. We're good.
- With a range of one mile.
Yeah. man.
Okay. all right.
Look. more like a thousand feet.
Look. dude. you want invisible
and you want a rush job. all right?
You want better? Go use your guys.
Will?
We gotta go to the back. We gotta go
to the back right now.
Let's go. Come on.
Wait. where's my money?
Okay. look. here's half.
All right. you get the rest on delivery.
What about the deal we made?
Consider it an incentive to be on time.
Now go. Get out of here.
Will.
- Are you in there?
- Coming.
- What are you doing here?
- Checking on you. You gonna let me in?
I had this bad feeling
you weren't really sick.
What? You want a doctor's note?
You have anything?
FBI share any new intel with you?
Not yet.
I'm sorry
Adelaide hasn't called you yet. Will.
Yeah.
Why don't you let the FBI
monitor the phone?
Absolutely not.
It's a good idea.
You shouldn't shoulder this alone.
They'll go after her.
and they'll get him killed.
You know this.
I think about how he must be feeling
right now.
If he's even alive.
- I know how important he is to you.
- It's not just that he's family. Amanda.
He's a bright light.
Will. you'll find him.
You just have to hold on to that light.
You're the most stubborn person I know.
After me.
Hmm.
Never let anyone
make you forget it.
But first…
get healthy.
Call me if you need anything.
And if the phone rings. be careful. Will.
I will.
Okay.
What?
Yes. I know. Don't bite me. okay?
You're here to see that psycho alien girl?
That girl can hear you. asshole.
Never denigrate a victim again.
You're relieved.
I am sorry about that officer.
I'm gonna have them send someone else.
- It's okay.
- No. No. it's not. Grace.
That's your name. isn't it?
Grace Elverton from Minot. North Dakota?
I spoke with your parents. and they are
so relieved that you're alive.
They were worried about you.
I don't want to see them.
Grace. if there is any reason why
they are not safe for you to go back to.
- then you need...
- No.
That's not it.
I don't want them to see me…
like this.
Listen. all they care about
is that you're okay.
They're buying their plane tickets
right now.
Do they know…
what happened?
They know broad strokes.
But your story is yours to tell.
It might take a while until you're ready.
and that's okay.
They weren't…
aliens.
But how could people have done that?
I don't know. Grace.
But it was not your fault.
May I. please?
The other girls.
I'm trying to help them too.
So can you tell me more?
Who was doing this?
There were four of them.
Bad. bad men.
They gave me this.
- What did they look like?
- Three of them were short.
But one was tall.
Really tall.
He was the worst one.
Do you know his name?
- No.
- How did they move you? How often?
Every couple of weeks.
All together in a truck.
Like. a moving truck.
It was awful.
- I was so scared.
- And you were brave.
You escaped. And now you're safe.
Okay?
You're safe.
Okay. Rocky. What do you got?
Well. there's no camera on
the hotel itself. Just the street nearby.
Can we make a list of all the box trucks
that passed by the night
of Denise's death?
It's a busy street.
That's gonna be something
like a thousand vehicles.
We need a better idea of
when they moved the girls. narrow it down.
I could take another run
at the hotel clerk.
Maybe his little taste of lockup
jogged his memory.
Shelly talked about transmitting signals
into space.
but how would she know
if aliens responded?
She said she didn't have
any video cameras.
Yeah. I'm not talking about video.
I'm talking about audio.
Does this look like a microphone to you?
Shelly. you paranoid genius.
Wait. wait. wait. Okay. Listen to this.
That's the box truck.
That's the aliens.
I'm cold.
That's it. What time was that?
Check it against the cameras.
Get me a truck company name
and a license plate.
We're gonna track these bastards down.
So. that's the Commander?
A child?
"Beware of false prophets who come to you
in sheep's clothing.
but inwardly are ravenous wolves."
Ormewood. That man is very tall.
- Yes. he is.
- Go check the plate on the truck.
GBI! Show me your hands!
Get that guy!
I need backup.
I'm 10-80 with a silver Camaro.
Come here!
Stop!
- Hey.
- I got my guy. You?
- Yep.
- Okay. Let's find these girls.
Hey. we have a team arriving
at the last known location
of the truck's GPS system.
The girls might still be there.
The sex traffickers lawyered up.
They aren't talking.
Okay. House is clear.
The girl's been moved again.
God. He must have called his partners
from the car while I was chasing him.
All this work.
and we're still one step behind.
You know what?
You interrupted their whole operation.
You caught two of them. You reunited Grace
with her family. This is good.
That's not enough.
No. I've just been. uh. you know.
mostly horizontal. but. uh…
No. look. you don't need to worry.
I'll be back at work tomorrow.
How are you sick? You're never sick.
You have the constitution of an ox.
Yeah. I'm sorry to disappoint.
- Well. can I pick you up some soup?
- No. Um…
No. don't-don't put yourself at risk.
Uh. keep that baby safe for me.
All right. Get some rest.
Yeah. Um. thanks. Ang.
Appreciate the check-in.
Have a good night. okay?
You too. Good night.
It's gonna be okay. Betty.
I hope so. anyway.
Look. I have to do this. He's my family.
Of course you are too. Come here. girl.
If anything happens to me.
Nico's gonna take care of you. okay?
You'll have everything you need.
all right?
I know.
Yeah. Yeah.
There you go. There you go.
That's my girl.
See you soon. girl.
Hmm.
Don't you look handsome?
I ordered you a martini.
I don't know what's in that drink.
Aren't you gonna sit?
I'd love to. Once I know he's alive.
Right. those ridiculous questions
you had me ask him.
When Antonio and I first met. we…
Ate at a taco truck
like peasants.
The record he gave me?
Nick Lowe. Jesus of Cool.
Now. that's an album.
The name of Antonio's last dog?
Portia. He had her for 14 years.
I told you he's alive. Now sit down.
Don't mind if I do.
What are you doing?
We only caught two of the traffickers.
You finished?
Forensics matched hair and fibers found
on Denise Hensley's body to our suspects.
Your homicide case is closed.
The trafficking case is still open.
I'm taking this upstairs.
Hell. yeah. Mitchell.
Fiber?
Fiber.
Hmm.
Mmm.
You have to try the arancini.
Uh-uh. with the sauce. with the sauce.
Ew.
PDA. We're so gross.
Delicious.
Mmm.
So. do you really still have that matchbox
from Rio's?
- Yes. I wasn't lying.
- Hmm.
How are we doing over here?
Satisfied. thank you.
Hmm.
It takes me right back to the island.
Things were so much simpler then.
What do you mean?
Damn it. watch your step.
I'm… I don't know what happened.
What the hell's wrong with you?
Easy. It's just an accident.
- Stay out of this.
- Oh. okay. Let's take it down. all right?
Damn it.
Adelaide. Hey. where'd you go?
What a shame. Will.
When we made these dinner plans. I really
was gonna give you everything you wanted.
Your uncle. your life. me. All of it.
But you had to go and ruin it
by having your boss go looking for me.
What? No. it didn't happen.
I just wanted to see you one last time
before telling you that it's over. Will.
You're never gonna see Antonio again.
Hang-Hang on a second. okay?
No. we had a deal.
And I've left you a little present.
What?
Adelaide. what did you do?
You'll see. It's right around the corner.
You'll never forget me now. Will.
Adelaide. don't hang up.
No.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Amanda.
No. Come here.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Come on.
Help!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-